Welcome, everybody, and let's
have a round of applause.
You guys are going to create
a website
for real life customers.
When they say
Computer Science For All,
it really means for all,
and my students,
they find things
that I could never even imagine,
first of all, was online.
So they're already really good
at using it.
There you go!
So, I felt it was important
to teach them
how to create on it.
They don't have to passively
use technology.
They can be innovators.
They have a lot to offer.
I have an idea.
♪
We were doing a Hackathon
for our school.
My name's Jonathan.
Today we'll be working on
3D websites.
I was the host.
-My name is Rebecca.
-Hi, Rebecca!
The host makes sure
everyone else is doing good,
or make sure everyone's safe.
Jonathan Hannan is a high school
student with autism.
When he came here, he was
very shy and very reserved,
and pretty much
kept to himself a lot.
But through computer science
where he excels,
it's really been
confidence building for him.
He's a wonderful student,
and he's basically
my assistant teacher,
because he takes what
I introduce, runs with it,
and then helps the rest
of his classmates.
So, he's amazing.
Having a blog is also
a cheap and effective way
for people to show their work
on the internet.
So, you know, the software
engineering program,
computer science in general,
it really helps the kids grow
in ways that's more
than academic.
It's helping them grow socially.
Some people blog about
a special interest or a hobby.
We have also invited
New Dorp High School
to share in our Hackathon
here at the Great Kills
High School.
I wanna give you a trick
so it won't be.
My daughter's a software
engineering student
at New Dorp High School,
and she has been my sidekick
for many years
when it comes to
a multitude of things
that I've done
with students with autism.
And I always wanted
to present them
with integrated opportunities.
-So, that was just a no-brainer.
-Thank you.
There's no place
that they're gonna go
where there's only gonna be
people with autism.
Today in our Hackathon,
we started discussing websites.
We watched a BrainPOP movie
that discussed
a particular type of website
called a blog.
A photo blog is a blog
that features photographs.
We observed what makes
a good website.
The colors are soft.
And what makes a bad website.
Nothing is working.
And we discussed design layout.
They used the full screen.
And then we started building.
We had to do a couple things.
One of them is figure out
what your website's name
is gonna be.
Then after that,
what pictures that you want.
After that it's your text,
and so on and so on.
And you're going to take
pictures for the website.
♪
Excellent.
Look at me.
(indistinct remarks)
The students went to
the cluster locations
and took their own photographs
to come back then and upload
into the website.
Do you know how to upload it?
The students built websites
for our adapted phys ed program.
They built it for
our Snap Shots program
which is a program here
at the Great Kills High School
where they're learning
photography.
It's photography time!
And green screening,
and things in the visual
communication field.
They also use Wolf Pack Designs,
and they make assistive devices
for students with disabilities.
And these things are used
by students
all over New York City,
not just Staten Island.
They love when you teach them
how to build things
using technology.
The part that I enjoyed the most
was creating the actual website,
because that was like
the main aspect,
and it's an extremely
interesting field
with all the stuff
you can do with it.
It wouldn't be a Hackathon
if we're just taking pictures.
I thought the Hackathon
was absolutely fantastic.
The engagement of the students,
the engagement of the adults
who were present.
Everyone was learning,
and everyone took something
from that particular experience.
I think autistic kids
should really learn
how to do technology.
You know what, get rid
of this first, click on this.
And if they don't,
they may lose out
on big opportunities.
We're gonna showcase
what you guys created today.
Not much kids are
in charge with technology.
They don't even know, like,
when you go home
and you play games,
you don't give it
a second thought,
but that's a field
of computer science
right there
that you can get into.
That you can also use
for iPads as well.
'Cause you can do anything
you want with it
if you put your mind to it
in computer science.
So, you know,
they have a lot to offer.
I want them to show the world,
and I want them to show the
world through computer science.
Nice!
I would say,
specifically in the field
of computer science,
don't be afraid
to try something new.
Differentiate instruction.
Break it down
so no matter how the student
can show they're learning.
They can show through
what they've created.
They can show it
by verbally talking about it
or by their artistic endeavors.
Allow your students
to express their learning
in the way that's best suited
for them.
And you can do that very easily
through computer science.
(cheering)
♪